Update installation and ROCPD documentation (#1300)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to rocprofiler-systems #

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to ROCm Systems Profiler #
```

> We welcome contributions to rocprofiler-systems.  Contributions at a basic level must conform to the MIT license and pass code test requirements (i.e. ctest). The author must also be able to respond to comments/questions on the PR and make any changes requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions to ROCm Systems Profiler are encouraged and welcomed.  Contributions at a basic level must conform to the MIT license and pass the code test requirements (i.e., ctest). The author must also be able to respond to comments/questions on the PR and make any changes requested.
```

## Acceptance Criteria ##

> Github issues are recommended for any significant change to the code base that adds a feature or fixes a non-trivial issue. If the code change is large without the presence of an issue (or prior discussion with AMD), the change may not be reviewed. Small fixes that fix broken behavior or other bugs are always welcome with or without an associated issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Issues are recommended for any significant change to the code base that adds a feature or fixes a non-trivial issue. If the code change is large without the presence of an issue (or prior discussion with AMD), the change may not be reviewed. Small fixes that fix broken behavior or other bugs are always welcome, with or without an associated issue.
```

### Setting Up the Development Environment ###

* It is recommended to [fork](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems/fork) the repository.
* Clone your forked repository: `git clone https://github.com/ROCm/<yourgithub-id>/rocm-systems.git`

> * Navigate to the project directory: `cd rocm-systems`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigate to the project directory: `cd rocm-systems`
```
Should this be updated? The path for ROCm Systems Profiler specific Contribution.md is: rocm-systems/projects/rocprofiler-systems
